hello Thomas
so now cantos is over three days yes
you're a little bit more heavy yes I
just kidding how many kilos now you
don't know who's a bad machine
sure lost-and-found
and now more than hundred and can you
tell us something about the contest
because three days of the contest
what was your expression in my final
contest was nice
no no Europe country everything Egypt
Iran and behind it go little bit louder
because there many many people here yes
and they have good preparation they they
have no problem with the doping because
nobody tests to people and they are ok
ah I can see the problem and so but is
it motivation for you this contest was
motivation for years because I already I
come here for experience and this year
want to see how from the smoke and it's
motivation for next World Championships
and yes I will prep it prepare for it
much better and I know how to get here
because I saw you talking in the book
some World Championships from behind and
Egypt
and I think this is also motivation for
you and I heard somebody was telling you
all your big potential and you're so
young and she was 36 I think was
champion 36 year 26 so you have a lot of
time most middle eighth and final eight
okay but I mean get ovations what -
which are very old either
yes there are lots lots lots of boy you
like
so clearly true but is this your goal -
to look at the gas in the future
so and now we are going to beat my boys
here at the beach
the ass one goes thank you much
No
come on
I feel it
okay
and I put out but I don't have it
I'm not getting a headlamp but if you
ever
bye-bye
you